[enterprise-4.12] OSDOCS-4137: add SE RN entry (#51732)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-12-rhcos"]
=== {op-system-first}

> [id="ocp-4-12-secure-execution-z-linux-one"]

Reviewer: @jldohmann 
Please change entry as follows: 
```
==== IBM Secure Execution on {ibmzProductName} and LinuxONE (Technology Preview)
{product-title} now supports configuring {op-system-first} nodes for IBM Secure Execution on {ibmzProductName} and LinuxONE (s390x architecture) as a Technology Preview feature. IBM Secure Execution provides the highest level of isolation and security for cluster workloads, and you can enable it by using an IBM Secure Execution-ready QCOW2 boot image.

To use IBM Secure Execution, you must have host keys for your host machine(s) and they must be specified in your Ignition config. Addtionally, you must use LUKS encryption for root file system integrity.

For more information, see [insert xref to "Installing {op-system} using IBM Secure Execution"]
```
name of new file to reference to will be: `ibm-z-secure-execution.adoc`
Once I have the PR I'll let you know.

==== IBM Secure Execution on {ibmzProductName} and LinuxONE (Technology Preview)

> {product-title} now supports configuring {op-system-first} nodes for IBM Secure Execution on {ibmzProductName} and LinuxONE (s390x architecture) as a Technology Preview feature. IBM Secure Execution provides the highest level of isolation and security for cluster workloads, and you can enable it by using a IBM Secure Execution-ready QCOW2 boot image.

Reviewer 2: Can we mention that IBM Secure Execution is a Hardware Enhancement and protects Memory Boundaries for KVM Guests?

Author: For sure, added

> To use IBM Secure Execution, you must have host keys for your host machine(s) and they must be specified in your Ignition config. Addtionally, you must use LUKS encryption for root file system integrity.

Reviewer 2: LUKS encrypted volumes are automatically created during first boot. Therefore we should better mention
with Secure Execution you will automatically LUKS encrypt your boot volumes for higher Security.

Author: Thank you, updated

> To use IBM Secure Execution, you must have host keys for your host machine(s) and they must be specified in your Ignition config. IBM Secure Execution automatically encrypts your boot volumes using LUKS encryption.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use IBM Secure Execution, you must have host keys for your host machine(s) and they must be specified in your Ignition configuration files. IBM Secure Execution automatically encrypts your boot volumes using LUKS encryption.
```
expanding "config" per IBM style guide

> For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z-kvm_ibm-z-secure-execution.adoc[Installing {op-system} using IBM Secure Execution]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z-kvm_ibm-z-secure-execution.adoc[Installing {op-system} using IBM Secure Execution].
```
